this is et si inkjet dark sublimation
paper before we begin here are a few
tips on how to achieve the best results
this paper can only be used on one
hundred percent cotton or poly cotton
blend fabrics and it cannot be used with
laser copiers or printers first of all
you should create your image on the pc
using a package such as coral draw or
adobe and then you will send this to the
epson printer their printer should be
set to other in the default menu and
select Sawgrass sublimation inks we
recommend using Sawgrass sublimation
inks to achieve the best results and for
best value to purchase their saw blast
bulk and system the printer profile
should not be set to mirror image and do
make sure that you print on the courted
side of your HJ feedback I am now going
to send this mhm to the printer
now that you have your printed image
allow the ink to dry and once they have
guides cut away any excess material
which you do not want displayed on your
final garment once you have completed
cutting your inkjet paper the next stage
is to use the heat press this is a
swing-away press which has been set to
181 degrees and the timer has been set
to 15 seconds I am Megan Kerik pillar
Beaverhead silicon mat has already been
placed and on top of this I am going to
place a piece of magic for the magic
fall will allow it to be pulled through
the garment I am now going to place my
garment onto the heat place do take care
and attention when placing your garment
to make sure that you accurately
position it and remove any obviously
sees that you may see I am now going to
heat place down for approximately 30
seconds this will remove any moisture
and also gives me a clear flat surface
to work upon you then teach your inkjet
paper and from one corner pillowy the
weight batting
then you place your image onto your
garment again take care and attention to
position it accurately and remove any
bubbles that you may see I am writing to
place my silicon three part robot and
heat race as you can see the second
counter indicated and the temperature
gauge
the buzzer has gone off and to turn up
the bass is now complete so I will pull
me ahead and remove the silicon people
and the snow reveals the completed
garment with the intricate diet
sublimation paper